[jazzy Christmas music playing]
[car horns honking]
[tires squeal]
- [man] Watch this car.
- [woman 1] Okay.
[man] We made it just in time.
[indistinct chatter]
And we are at places, folks.
Places, please, for the top of act one.
- Tickets, please.
- Ready?
[PA announcer] Ladies and gentlemen,
please take your seats.
- Ready to shine?
- [woman 2] Brighter than ever.
Hmm.
[drum roll]
[applause]
[orchestral rendition
of "Joy to the World" playing]
of "Jingle Bells" playing]
[chuckles]
Oh, okay.
[orchestral rendition
of "Joy to the World" playing]
Oh!
Oh.
- [music ends]
- [cheering]
Oh, great show tonight, Bobby.
Lois, sorry, I keep forgetting
to bring that dress back.
The date was a total bust anyway.
Second broken heel in a week.
That is a very expensive habit
you got there.
Guess I know what to ask Santa for.
Look, if I'm asking Santa for shoes,
they better come with red soles.
Here are two of our Jingle Belles now.
Ashley, Samantha, this is Shelby.
She's joining the show next week.
Ashley Davis!
I saw you dance
when I was just a little girl.
You are a legend.
Thank you.
Shelby just graduated
from the Royal Ballet School.
Wow.
I think it's great that you guys
are still at it after all these years.
Any advice for a newbie?
"After all these years."
Be nice. Um…
You know what? Let me think about it.
Nice meeting you, Shelby.
- All right, let's go.
- Bye.
Oh, and, Ashley,
Jodie wants to see you before you leave.
Sure.
[knock on door]
You wanted to see me?
Come in. Have a seat.
Oh, okay.
Jodie, if this is about
what happened tonight,
I just lost my footing,
and it will not happen again.
Ashley, you have been a vital part
of the Jingle Belles for over 12 years,
and we are forever grateful
for your meaningful contribution.
Why's it sound like
it's coming out of a handbook?
However, as with any long-running show,
we must keep things from getting stale.
Which means periodically
refreshing the cast with new faces.
Are you aging me out?
[chuckles] No, of course not.
That would be illegal.
You're simply being… replaced.
I literally got carded yesterday.
HR will contact you
with all the necessary paperwork.
I still order off the kids' menu!
Please understand
that there's nothing I hate more
than having to say goodbye
to a member of our family.
Jodie, please.
I have dedicated my life to this show.
Could I please just finish off the season,
you know, for old time's sake?
No.
Okay. Um…
In that case…
merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
[sighs]
[gasps]
You want advice?
Don't get old.
[sighs]
[screams]
[door slams]
Why are they staring?
'Cause you look perfect.
Shall we?
[waltz playing on TV]
[sighs]
[TV turns off]
[cell phone ringing]
Oh, great. [sighs]
Hi, Mom.
Hi, honey.
I hope it's not too late to call.
No, no, no. I'm just, uh,
watching the snow come down.
What's up?
[Mom] Your father and I
have been thinking about Christmas.
Mom.
I know. I know.
You're too busy with the show and all.
But since you never
have time to come to us,
we thought that maybe this time
we'd come to you.
What?
[Mom] Your father has bought tickets
to see you and the Jingle Belles
on Christmas Eve.
How great is that?
Oh.
Honey?
Ashley, are you there?
Mom, I've been thinking too.
Maybe it is time for me
to come home for a visit.
[upbeat Christmas music playing]
♪ Fa-la-la la-la-la-la ♪
♪ Fa-la-la la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ Ooh, yeah ♪
♪ Fa-la-la la-la-la-la… ♪
[driver] Here we are.
The Rhythm Room.
♪ La-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ Fa-la-la la-la-la-la ♪
♪ It's Christmastime ♪
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
- Merry Christmas.
- You too.
[cell phone dings]
- [Ashley] Whoa.
- Hey, whoa, hey.
- Watch it, watch it. Come on, hold on.
- Okay.
- I think you're going the wrong way.
- Maybe you should just let go.
- It should be fine. Ooh!
- Okay, I'm gonna…
Ah! [grunts]
Ah! [chuckles]
- Ah!
- [exhales] Okay.
- Are you all right? I'm sorry.
- [exhales]
Better.
[both chuckle]
[sighs] I'm going in here.
Yeah, no. Of course.
I wouldn't wanna keep you tied up.
[chuckles]
[chuckling continues]
[pop Christmas music playing]
Yeah.
[singer vocalizes]
♪ It's starting to feel like Christmas ♪
[man 1] "Christmas desserts."
Nine letters.
Gingerbread.
[man 1] Nope. That's 11.
- [man 2] You sure?
- [man 1] Mm-hmm. I'm sure.
G-I-N-G…
It's fruitcake.
Yes. Fruitcake.
Thank you kindly.
Ashley Jean Davis!
Are my eyes
playing tricks on me? [chuckling]
It's a holiday miracle.
Oh, my baby girl is home for Christmas.
I don't know if "miracle"
is quite the right word.
I know this isn't
what you wanted, baby girl,
but, hey, their loss is our gain.
Let me tell you something.
Those folks do not know talent.
Thanks, Mom.
Oh, have you, uh, met Troy and Danny?
No, I don't think I have.
Do you guys work here?
I work here.
This one just likes
spending his pension on warm beer.
[Danny chuckles]
Hey, "Bright and festive,
but not for dogs."
[splutters] Poinsettia.
[Danny] Hey.
Oh.
[Dad laughs]
Uh-oh. Here's Frosty. That's my cue.
[Ashley laughs]
[gasps] Ashley Davis?
The Jingle Belles
let you escape for the holidays?
Uh, something like that.
[chuckles] Oh.
May I borrow my tenants for a moment?
Oh, sure. Yeah.
- We'll be right back, honey.
- Okay, Mom.
[sighs]
Hmm.
- Whoa! Oh! Hold on. Let me…
- [gasps]
Whoa! Whoa!
- Hold on. I got it.
- [Dad] Everything okay?
Uh, I think you need a plumber.
Oh, you know, it-- it does that.
The one in the kitchen,
that's the real problem.
- There's one in the kitchen?
- And the men's room.
Okay.
What are you waiting for?
Uh, we've been
prioritizing our funds a bit.
[chuckles] Look, the thing is,
Denise keeps raising the rent,
so there's never
any extra money to fix the place up.
So the acts aren't
bringing them in like they used to?
- What acts?
- [chuckles] Oh.
What he means to say is
times have changed.
Most bands prefer the…
the bigger clubs these days.
But there is a very nice young man
who stops by to help us
with the repairs from time to time.
[chuckles] Don't worry, huh?
The Rhythm Room has always been
a place for people to come together,
in good times and bad.
I'd say that's way more important
than a leaky faucet, wouldn't you?
I guess.
[Dad laughs] Okay.
Hey, everyone.
[grunts]
[gasps]
So that pipe's
still giving you a problem, huh?
[Dad] Mm.
Let me guess.
This is the nice young man
who helps with the repairs?
Also known as Luke.
Well, this is my youngest daughter Ashley.
- Ashley.
- She's visiting from New York.
Oh, New York.
Yeah.
That explains it.
Okay, well, I would love
to stay and chat. I would.
But I got a valve to find.
Nice to meet you, city girl.
- [Mom exclaims]
- [Ashley sighs]
He's cute.
He's annoying.
He's available.
Okay.
Since you two children
clearly have things under control,
I think I'm gonna head
to the café and pay Marie a visit.
Did I mention that he's handy?
I'm not listening.
♪ Fa-la-la, la-la-la-- ♪ Oh!
- Oh, be careful.
- [Mom] Oh!
The leak. Oh.
[Ashley] Hmm.
Is that my baby sister I see?
Oh!
Aww.
[Marie laughs]
It feels so good to hug you
and squeeze you in person.
I cannot believe
you bought the Little Spoon.
Well, Beth was retiring,
and I just could not let this place
turn into one of those coffee shops
that sell $8 lattes.
[Ashley] Mm.
And now I can, you know,
try out my cookie recipes,
chat with the customers.
Two of your favorite things, babe.
- Rodger!
- Hey. [chuckles]
You're working here?
Yeah. Helping out when I can.
Lending a little celebrity cachet.
Oh, remind me. What's the statute
of limitations on high school athletics?
[laughs] Okay. Okay, I admit
the old tight end isn't so tight anymore.
[chuckles]
- Good to see you.
- You too.
Mom told me about the Belles.
Oh.
- I am so sorry.
- Well…
[Marie sighs]
Well, my whole life just got demolished
by a younger dancer with perkier boobs.
Well, I, for one, am so glad you're back.
And you're welcome to stay with us
as long as you need.
No, no, no. Don't get too excited.
It's only temporary.
What can I get you?
The lady will have
a double cheeseburger with extra bacon.
- Okay.
- Actually, the lady will have a salad.
Okay.
And an order
of my chocolate candy cane cookies.
So, what's this about the Rhythm Room
having trouble booking acts?
Look, a band can get more attention
with a 30-second TikTok
than they can playing the Rhythm Room.
Ugh.
It's gonna be fine.
Mom and Dad are gonna figure it out.
Probably.
[Ashley] Ah!
- Okay, be honest.
- Okay.
[door chimes]
- [Luke] City girl!
- [gasps]
[muffled] Oh, my God.
Uh, hey, Rog.
- I'm, uh, here to get my order, and, uh…
- Yeah.
I'll have what she's having.
[chuckles]
Uh, Luke, you live
pretty close to South Peak, yeah?
- No!
- Yeah.
Would you mind
just giving my sister a ride home?
- Rodger and I need to close.
- [Ashley] No.
I can just use a, um, rideshare app.
You do know this is Sycamore Creek, right?
Okay, but I haven't even eaten yet.
Okay. Here we go.
Wow. Such good cookies. Okay.
Thanks, buddy.
Watch out for the guard dog.
How could I forget?
Come on, city girl. Your chariot awaits.
You know, you got a little, uh…
[door chimes]
[country music playing on radio]
[sighs] Thanks. So
how long have you been, um, carpentering?
Don't think I've ever
heard that term before.
No.
I like it.
My father was a general contractor,
so I practically grew up in a toolbox.
- Hmm.
- What about you?
Oh, no, I'm more of
a call-the-building-super kind of gal.
I mean, for work.
Oh. Um, I'm a dancer.
Oh.
Okay.
No, not that kind of dancer.
Uh, Broadway. [chuckles]
Oh.
So you're a diva.
What? No, I am a Jingle Belle.
So you're an impressive diva.
[scoffs, chuckles]
To be honest,
I am currently on an indefinite hiatus.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah.
But enough about me.
What about you, Mr. Toolbox?
I wanna know.
Why have you been helping my parents?
That's easy.
When I first moved here,
I didn't know very many people.
But I loved going to the Rhythm Room.
So much fun.
And your folks,
they always went out of their way
to make me feel at home.
Yeah. Sounds like them.
All right, just-- oh.
Hey.
- All right, don't forget this.
- Yep. Thank you. I got it.
[Luke] Okay.
And this.
[laughs]
And your salad.
All right. [exhales]
Um, thanks for the ride.
No problem.
[sighs] Guess I'll see you around.
For sure.
Good night.
Night.
[whispers] What was that?
[engine turns over]
[chuckles]
- [dog barks]
- Gizmo!
My scary little guard dog.
Oh, yes.
- You are so fierce, aren't you?
- [Gizmo whimpers]
Okay. Let's go find Auntie Ashley's room.
You kept all these?
Of course I did.
You're my sister.
I'm so proud of you.
Sometimes I think
Mom and Dad would have preferred if I just
performed at the Rhythm Room.
[Gizmo whimpers]
I think they would have preferred if
you came to visit every once in a while.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- [chuckles]
But you gotta do what you gotta do, right?
- [Gizmo whimpers]
- Yeah.
Speaking of, um… how's Luke?
News flash.
Women no longer need a male companion
to solidify their happiness.
- We can also vote now.
- Oh, congrats.
Mm-hmm.
I'm so sorry that I just
want my baby sister to be happy.
I was happy.
You know, the show
was more than just a job.
It was, you know,
strength training, flexibility training,
blocking, choreography,
not to mention performing every night,
twice on weekends.
I… I didn't even have time
to think about dating.
Well, now you do.
Yes, yes. That was my first thought
when they canned me.
[chuckles] Well, what about in the show?
Are there any cute guys?
No. No showbiz guys.
I want, like, a professional, you know?
Like, remember the surgeon
you dated before Rodger?
[laughing]
What's so funny?
Okay.
I'm gonna tell you something, but you
gotta promise to never tell anybody.
Okay, what?
Max wasn't exactly a real doctor.
He just played one
at bachelorette parties.
- [Ashley gasps]
- [snickers]
Marie Rose Davis, did you date a stripper?
Shh! Shh.
You dated a stripper?
Well, not-- you know,
he was a doctor stripper.
- It's different.
- Sure. Yeah, I mean…
I know, it was
very, very off-brand for me.
I am impressed.
- Thank you. Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
Okay, but you gotta promise
this stays in the vault.
Oh, yes. Vaulted for life.
Okay.
- What's vaulted for life?
- [Marie] Uh…
Oh, um, I don't…
I think… [splutters]
Ash, what was-- what are we talking about?
You know, I-- I-- I do know,
and I can't tell you because it's--
it's medical, and that's confidential.
Mm. Yeah. [chuckles]
Um…
Right.
[chuckles]
Okay.
Mom?
Dad?
What's…
Ugh. Mom?
- Dad?
- [Luke] Ow!
- Oh, my God. Luke?
- [metal clangs]
What are you doing under there?
You scared me.
I scared you?
Oh, my God. You're naked.
What?
- Okay, first of all, I'm not naked.
- Oh, right.
My shirt was drying.
And second of all, I'm only down there
because someone broke the faucet.
Allegedly. And it was broken already.
Fair.
You mind giving me a hand?
Only if I can get it back.
Witty.
All I need you to do is hold the faucet
steady while I tighten the connector.
Got it?
Easy-peasy.
All right. Here, right here.
Oh, okay. Yeah, got it.
[grunts] You got it?
Yeah. [sighs]
[wrench clicking]
[Luke grunts] Okay. All right.
Here, oh, I--
- Sorry. I was just gonna…
- Turn it.
And voilà.
Teamwork makes the dream work. Hmm.
Wow, that's very impressive.
[chuckles]
Yoo-hoo!
- Is anybody here?
- I, uh, um…
Yep. I'll get that. [exhales]
[Luke] I'll be in the back.
- Denise. Hi.
- Hi. Are your parents around?
Ah, no. Not yet.
Is there something I can help you with?
Well, I'd prefer
to speak with them privately.
Oh, I'm sure anything
you have to say, I can handle it.
I realize what a stressful time
it's been for your parents,
and that's why I'm thrilled to let them
know that I have some good news.
Oh, yeah? What is it?
Squeeze Me.
- No, thank you.
- [Denise chuckles]
No, Squeeze Me, the juice bar.
Oh, okay. What about it?
I spoke to their
regional manager last night,
and he's willing to take over
your parents' lease as of January 1st.
Best of all,
he'll pay their entire backlog.
[Ashley gasps]
So your good news is that my parents
are going to lose
the Rhythm Room to a-- a juice bar?
- And be made whole in the process.
- Okay, how much could they owe?
Six months' rent.
- Plus maintenance, repairs.
- Uh…
Interest.
$30,000.
[clears throat] Denise.
The Rhythm Room,
it's-- it's a town staple.
You cannot shut it down.
Ashley, the Rhythm Room was a town staple.
But now it's…
It's just another… [sighs]
…hole-in-the-wall
with too many holes in the walls
and no customers.
Well, then we will bring in some new acts.
Oh, sweetie, you don't need new acts.
You need a doctor,
because this place is on life support.
[Marie] Max wasn't exactly a real doctor.
Wait.
That's it.
A doctor?
Yes. Uh, no, no. Um…
A… A male dance revue.
And it's, uh…
It's gonna be a Christmas spectacular
full of hot up-and-coming…
- [door opens]
- …men.
[sighs]
Oh. And here's one now. Luke.
Here's who?
It-- one of the men, yeah. [chuckles]
Ashley was just telling me about
the Christmas spectacular
that you're starring in?
The what now?
Remember?
Oh. Oh!
- [Ashley chuckles]
- That Christmas spectacular.
Yeah. No, I'm really
looking forward to it.
Yeah. Lots of singing.
- Dancing.
- Dancing. Lots of dancing.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, it's just gonna be so… spectacular.
And actually, we would
love for you to be here
for our grand premiere.
- We would?
- That is if you're not too busy.
Are you kidding me?
This I have to see.
[all chuckle]
Great.
This, uh, male dance revue of yours,
does it have a name?
- Uh-huh. Yeah.
- Hmm?
It's called the…
Merry Gentlemen.
- Cute.
- [Ashley] Yeah.
[Denise] See you soon.
- Oof!
- What was that about?
Well, she was coming in here
and talking about evicting us,
so I just panicked.
Panicked or perjured?
- Oh, very funny.
- [Luke] Mm.
Let's think this through,
'cause I think this is a good idea.
Think what through?
We're not actually gonna do it.
No, no, no. Luke. Luke, please.
Ashley. Ashley. Ashley, listen.
I realize that… divas such as yourself
aren't accustomed
to hearing the word "no,"
so allow me to reacquaint you.
No.
Okay, if we don't do it, then
Denise is gonna think that we are liars.
As opposed to?
Look, I know I haven't been around here
very much for the past few years,
at all,
but there's just gotta be a way to get
people excited about this place again.
And you think
male strippers are the answer?
Male dance revue.
- Is it men taking their clothes off?
- It's men taking their shirts off.
- Oh!
- Yeah.
- Oh, that's a different story, then.
- Really?
No!
Look, I have until Christmas
to raise $30,000
or the Rhythm Room
gets ripped away from my parents.
I can't let that happen.
So,
please.
Please help me.
[sighs]
[rock music playing]
Ready to get your dance on?
Nope.
Let's do this.
[sighs]
♪ Na-na-na-na, na-na-na… ♪
As you've heard,
we are trying something new
at the Rhythm Room.
Something this town has never seen before.
We start next Friday night.
Now, that gives us ten days from today.
I know it's not a lot of time,
but I also know
that with a little bit of work,
we can make this show
something truly special.
Yeah? How about it?
Who's ready to make some Christmas magic?
Uh… [clears throat]
Uh, yes?
Was that a rhetorical question?
No, it was supposed to be inspirational.
It sounded rhetorical.
Mm.
Okay, so you're not
the least bit inspired?
Mm. I don't know.
A little bit.
How about you guys?
- Uh…
- [Troy exhales]
[clears throat]
- Whatever. Let's get started.
- [upbeat Christmas music playing]
Right. Back behind our left.
Right. Touch together.
Five, six, seven, eight. Isolate.
Isolate. Isolate.
Yes. In. Out. In. Yes.
One, two, three, four.
One, two, three, four. Whoo!
♪ He brings all the presents
To all the girls and boys ♪
♪ When he comes to town
He brings nothing but joy ♪
♪ Christmas is my favorite time of year ♪
There's always room for one more.
[laughs]
Right, like I'm joining
this reindeer game.
[music continues]
[Luke] Five, six, seven, eight.
[music continues on radio]
[meat sizzling]
[humming]
Sorry. Just a few more measurements.
His eyes are up there.
Check out the new
male dance revue at the Rhythm Room.
- It's a new show. You'll like it.
- [woman 1] Mnh-mnh.
- It's great. Friday.
- [woman 2] No, thank you.
- Male dance revue?
- [woman 3] Mm.
- Male strippers. Friday night.
- [woman 4] What?
[excited indistinct chatter]
Five, six, seven, eight.
And one, two, three, four.
And back. Two, three, four.
And pose.
- [music ends]
- Nice.
All right. Take five, guys.
[sighs]
[grunts]
- [Luke sighs]
- [Ashley] What's going on?
[exhales] I…
Is this useless?
I think what it is,
is you're anticipating the moves too much.
Like, don't worry
about what they're doing.
You know, just use your body
and… connect to the audience.
I am.
Stand up.
What?
Stand up. You're gonna dance with me.
- Now?
- Yes, now. Come on.
[sighs]
[Ashley] Don't be shy.
- I'm not shy.
- [Ashley chuckles]
- Shoulders back. Good.
- Okay.
Now widen your legs, please.
Just a little bit.
Perfect. Troy? Track 13.
[clicks]
- [pop music playing]
- Now, take my hand.
What? I don't bite.
I hear stories about city girls.
Just take my hand already.
Thank you. That's a single handhold.
Single handhold.
Mm-hmm.
Yep. This is a two handhold.
Oh. No!
And this is a closed hold.
So now we're gonna go back
with your right foot.
One, two, three.
One, two.
No, no, no, don't look at your feet.
Stay in the moment, right here.
One, two, three. One…
Like this?
Yes.
One, two, three.
♪ …dream come true as long as I am ♪
♪ Here with you ♪
I think that's
enough dancing for one night.
Right.
[music ends]
Um, okay.
I think the most important thing
to remember tomorrow
is to have fun, you know?
Don't be afraid
to connect with the audience.
Thanks, Ash.
[Ashley] Mm-hmm.
See you later. [chuckles]
Okay. Yep.
Who's ready to make some Christmas magic?
Oh!
Someone sounds inspired.
Just…
Hmm.
[upbeat Christmas music playing]
- [woman 1] Dinner was amazing.
- [woman 2] Thank you.
[laughing]
- Luke?
- [Luke exhales]
He's been like this all day.
[exhales]
God. Okay.
Hey, what's going on?
[sighs] I don't--
I don't think I can do this.
What? No, no, no.
These are just pre-show jitters.
It happens to the best of us.
You know these moves
like the back of your hand.
Yeah, what if-- what if--
what if I go up there
and I just freeze up
in front of everybody?
- Okay. Okay.
- And I…
How about this?
How about I share with you
a little showbiz trick?
- Yeah?
- [panting]
Our director used to tell us,
all you have to do
is just look out into the audience
and find a friendly face.
You know, focus on their eyes,
their smile, their… emotion.
And then use that,
funnel it into your performance.
[shudders, exhales]
- Yeah? Yeah.
- Friendly face. [exhales]
[inhales]
[exhales]
See?
Yeah?
You look pretty.
Thank you.
Doors are open.
Fifteen minutes to showtime.
[Ashley] Ooh! Oh.
- Oh, God.
- No, no, no. Hey. Hey.
You are gonna be great.
I promise.
All right, let's get ready.
- [whoops]
- [exhales]
[inhales, exhales]
[upbeat Christmas music playing]
[audience cheering]
[woman] Yeah, baby. Whoo!
Whoo!
[audience screams]
[shouting]
[cheering continues]
[audience screams]
Whoo! [shouts]
Whoo!
[audience cheering]
[woman] Whoo-hoo!
Shut your eyes.
[audience screaming]
[music continues]
One, two, three.
[audience shouting]
[cheering]
- Whoo!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
[man] Yeah!
- [Rodger] I almost lost my belt.
- [Troy] Yeah, I pulled it off.
- Great job, fellas.
- [Troy] Thanks.
- Yeah, I just stopped--
- Ashley?
Hmm? Oh, hi.
I must admit, when you
first mentioned your little "spectacular,"
I thought it sounded a little…
Mm… ridiculous?
Optimistic.
But I was wrong. It was great.
Did you see
all those ladies that showed up?
- Oh, they were loving it.
- [Denise] And you!
- I…
- Congratulations on a great show.
Oh, thank you.
My number.
- Oh, hey.
- Here you go.
Everyone was clapping
and cheering and dancing.
- It was like the old days.
- [Ashley chuckles]
Sort of.
- [all chuckle]
- [Ashley] Yeah.
We haven't made that much
in one night in years. [chuckles]
I'm just glad everyone had a nice time.
Uh, excuse me, everyone.
I'd-- I'd like to make a toast.
To… Ashley.
[Ashley gulps, exhales]
For taking a chance on a guy
who… didn't even want one.
- [Marie chuckles]
- [Danny] Ha.
Look, but seriously, uh,
the fact that you were able
to put this whole thing together
in such a short amount of time
is absolutely incredible.
Thank you.
Not to mention teach
a couple of goofy guys this choreography.
- Good on you.
- [Dad laughs]
You know, I had a really good partner.
[sniffs]
To Ashley.
Oh, stop.
- To Ashley.
- Yep.
I can't take all the credit.
I think I gotta give a shout-out
to the Merry Gentlemen.
- Yes.
- With tidings of comfort and joy!
Well, speaking of comfort and joy,
let's get you home.
- Ooh.
- [Ashley] Oh.
- [Rodger] All right.
- We're right here.
Well… you pulled it off.
- Congrats.
- Thank you.
[Danny] Looking good, Slick.
You did look good, Slick.
Funny.
Oh, uh,
I almost forgot.
I got you a little something.
Just a little something to remember me by.
- Mm.
- Luke.
It's nothing, just…
[Ashley] That's so sweet.
Okay.
I will forever be grateful to that wreath
for pulling you into my life.
This is…
[sighs]
- May I?
- Yeah. Uh…
Yeah.
[Luke] And…
there we go.
[inhales, sighs]
Stunning.
Thank you.
You know, it's a nice night.
May I walk you home?
Only if we can get something to eat.
I'm starving.
[chuckles]
- You know…
- Hmm?
I have to admit,
that pizza was a close second
to a New York slice.
[chuckles]
You know, they import
the water from the East Coast
just to give it that authentic flavor.
Is that true?
I'm just kidding. I have no idea.
[both laugh]
So, tell me something about yourself.
- Me?
- Yeah.
You know, married, boyfriend?
Uh…
I don't mean to pry.
I'm just making friendly conversation.
No. None of the above.
How about you?
Uh, I was married.
For a while.
But that was a complete disaster.
Sorry.
Oh, thank you. But you know,
one good thing came out of it.
What is that?
Sycamore Creek.
It's funny. I moved here for her.
Ironically, I'm the one
who ended up staying.
[Ashley] Hmm.
I mean, this is…
I don't know. It's the best place
I could have asked for.
I wish I knew what to ask for.
Or who to ask.
You know, hold that thought.
You focus on the what.
I think I know the who.
Come on.
Uh, excuse me, Santa.
Hi. Time for one more?
Well, that depends.
Have you been naughty or nice?
Are you serious? I haven't
done this since elementary school.
Oh, well, then you are long overdue.
Merry Christmas, you two.
- Thank you.
- Merry Christmas, Santa.
- [Santa chuckles]
- All right. Oh.
- Sit. The whole experience.
- [Ashley clears throat]
- [elf] There we go.
- Yes.
Yep.
- Hmm.
- Don't mind if I do.
- [Ashley] Okay.
- [Luke] Oh.
[Santa] All right, now.
On the count of three,
I want you
to give me your best "ho, ho, ho!"
- Ready?
- Yep.
One, two, three.
[all] Ho, ho, ho!
[camera shutter clicks]
What? What is it?
Nothing.
No, no. You don't get to do that.
I just took my shirt off
for half the town.
- [chuckles]
- You owe me.
I don't know. I was just…
[clears throat] Well…
I was just thinking…
it's always been me on stage,
and I was always in the spotlight.
It's all I ever wanted to do, was perform.
But?
But
watching you guys tonight
and seeing how far you've come,
I mean, it was unexpectedly…
enjoyable.
Do you miss performing?
I did.
[Luke] Hmm.
You know what they say.
When one door closes, another one opens.
Okay. So then…
what's behind this door?
Just a carpenter.
[Ashley] All right.
[exhales] I think we might
just pull this off.
[ornaments jingling]
[Mom] Oh, look at that.
Well, that is impressive.
- Oh.
- I thought Marie was the artist.
Oh, and look.
$2,200. First night.
Oh.
I hope you didn't
spend it all on those groceries.
Oh, uh, actually, I was thinking.
Remember the old bûche de Noël
you used to serve every year?
What about it?
Do you think
you can remember how to make it?
Well, of course.
I just can't remember when we had
enough customers for it to be worthwhile.
[upbeat Christmas music playing]
We do now.
♪ There's gonna be fun
There's gonna be sun ♪
♪ Join the party, it's just begun ♪
♪ There's gonna be smiles
Oh my, it's almost Christmas ♪
♪ There's gonna be laughs
There's gonna be light ♪
♪ Beautiful stories by the fire ♪
♪ Wonderful light
Oh my, it's almost Christmas ♪
♪ There's gonna be you
There's gonna be me ♪
♪ There's gonna be moon
There's gonna be thrills ♪
♪ Wherever I turn
I'm feeling lovely happiness ♪
♪ I really can't wait
For all the things that ♪
♪ We'll do together, you and I ♪
♪ It's almost Christmastime ♪
[song ends]
[Ashley] Why didn't you tell me?
About the Rhythm Room.
Because you had
more important things to do
than worry about
some dinky hole-in-the-wall.
I remember when you were a little girl
singing and dancing up on that stage.
And now look at you.
I don't think I could have done any of it
without the Rhythm Room
being such a big part of my childhood.
I can't imagine it all going away.
When we opened,
one of our first acts,
fresh from the Grand Ole Opry,
told me something I'll never forget.
"It's not performing that's important,
it's who you're performing for."
I'm so glad you're here.
Yeah, me too.
All right, well, I have to take off.
But I will see you tonight.
- Mm-hmm.
- [Mom laughs]
Hey, Mom, would you bring these to Dad?
More eggnog snickerdoodles?
- [Marie] Nope. Poinsettia pinwheels.
- [Ashley chuckles]
- [Mom] Aw.
- Bye, Mom.
- All right, see you tonight.
- [Marie chuckles]
Look what I have.
- Is that a review?
- [Marie] Mm-hmm.
Oh, no. No, no, no.
I can't do it. You read it.
Okay. Here we go.
[clears throat]
"In a dazzling display of holiday spirit
and sizzling entertainment,
the Merry Gentlemen,
a Christmas-themed male revue,
has enchanted
the cozy town of Sycamore Creek."
"Directed by local
Broadway legend Ashley Davis,
the show is a yuletide delight
and a big hit for the Rhythm Room,
which is back atop
the town's cultural scene."
What?
[Marie gasps] Amazing.
I just-- I hope it works.
You should've seen Denise.
She was salivating over that juice bar.
Even if it doesn't work,
people are talking
about the Rhythm Room again.
You did that.
You just want me to stay.
Would that be so bad?
[door chimes]
[dance music playing on headphones]
Wait. I think that's the cab driver
who picked me up from the airport.
- [Marie] Wow. He's got some moves.
- [Ashley] Mm-hmm.
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
The more the merrier.
[clicks tongue]
Hey!
Ashley.
Ashley, yeah.
- You are?
- Uh, Ricky.
Oh, right. Uh, my sister and I
were just wondering,
how do you feel about rhinestones?
- [upbeat Christmas music playing]
- [audience cheering]
[laughing]
♪ 'Tis the season when snow is falling ♪
♪ And there seem to be
Good feelings all around ♪
♪ Cookies are baking ♪
♪ And decorations ♪
♪ Are being hung
On every tree all over town ♪
- ♪ Hey, Santa ♪
- ♪ If you're listening ♪
♪ I don't need anything
That sparkles, glows or shines ♪
♪ No, no ♪
♪ Just want the one I love
Right here beside me ♪
♪ To hold me by the fire
Through these winter nights ♪
♪ I wanna spend this Christmastime ♪
♪ On and on with Mr. Right ♪
♪ Never let this feeling slip away ♪
♪ I'll be the girl who's starry-eyed ♪
♪ You'll be the boy here at my side ♪
♪ We can dance all through the holidays ♪
♪ We can play all over town
Or simply just bum around ♪
♪ With you
It feels like Christmas every day ♪
[cheers and applause]
- Yeah!
- Whoo!
- [whistling]
- [cheering]
[upbeat Christmas music playing]
[audience] Whoo!
♪ Take a look around the world ♪
♪ It's that time of year ♪
♪ When it's cold outside ♪
♪ You hold me in your heart ♪
♪ I don't need presents ♪
♪ Under the tree ♪
♪ All I want is you and me! ♪
- ♪ I want a man this Christmas ♪
- Whoo! [speaks indistinctly]
♪ To have for my own ♪
♪ I want a man this Christmas ♪
♪ To make this house a home ♪
♪ No, we'll never be alone ♪
♪ As long as I've got you
And you've got me ♪
♪ Got you here inside of me ♪
- ♪ I want a man this Christmas ♪
- Hi, baby!
That's my man!
♪ To have for my own ♪
♪ I want a man this Christmas ♪
♪ To make this house a home ♪
♪ No, we'll never be alone ♪
- ♪ As long as I got you, and you got me ♪
- Whoo!
♪ All of our Christmas dreams ♪
♪ Will come true ♪
[music ends]
[cheering]
[indistinct chatter]
- [Rodger] Ow!
- Okay. We got a situation.
- What happened?
- He slipped and fell on the ice.
- Just a sprain. I can do it.
- [Marie sighs]
Ow. Oh.
Uh, you're not doing anything, buddy.
[Rodger] Ah. Ah!
- [winces] It's swollen.
- [groans]
No big deal. I used to sprain my ankle
all the time playing football.
What is going on? It's almost showtime.
Rodger slipped and fell.
Maybe I can do it sitting. Ow! Ow!
- Ow! [sighs]
- [Marie] Oh.
Poor baby.
[indistinct chatter]
[woman] I love this place!
[groans]
They're getting antsy out there.
[sighs] We need four dancers
to do the number.
Can we just make it work with three?
We don't have time
to learn a new routine, guys.
- We're gonna have to try.
- [Rodger groans]
- [jazzy Christmas music playing]
- [cheering]
♪ Hanging the stockings
Trimming the tree ♪
♪ Children are filled with holiday glee ♪
♪ And all that I want
Is to have you with me ♪
♪ It's our Christmas song-- ♪
[song stops]
Uh, uh, we will be right back.
Uh, do me a favor. Don't lose your shirts.
'Cause we will.
I told you. It was a mistake.
I say we cancel for tonight.
We can figure this out tomorrow.
[Luke] Those people paid for a show.
Give 'em a refund.
No.
No, look, I don't know
what the answer is, but…
Stan and Lily need that money.
They're depending on us.
Ashley's depending on us.
[Danny] So, we'd better not
let 'em down, huh?
Danny?
[chuckles]
What happened to
not joining in on our reindeer games?
Someone needs to be
guiding Santa's sleigh tonight.
Do you even know the choreography?
What, do you think this old geezer
just sits around doing crossword puzzles
and guzzling beer all day?
Well…
Kinda.
Yes.
- [jazzy Christmas music playing]
- [audience cheering]
[cheering]
♪ Hanging the stockings
Trimming the tree ♪
♪ Children all filled with holiday glee ♪
♪ And all that I want
Is to have you with me ♪
♪ It's our Christmas song ♪
- ♪ Making our way down Candy Cane Lane ♪
- [woman] He's got some moves!
♪ Watching the snow out our windowpane ♪
♪ We'll be dancing the holidays away ♪
♪ To our Christmas song ♪
♪ Wrapping up presents ♪
♪ Riding the sleigh ♪
♪ Never let these feelings slip away ♪
♪ 'Cause all I wanna do
When you push play ♪
♪ On our Christmas song ♪
♪ Singing out the verse
Of the tunes we know ♪
♪ And kiss me underneath the mistletoe ♪
♪ Baby, on that horse swaying to and fro ♪
♪ Let's dance the night away ♪
♪ Give me your hand and never forget ♪
♪ Got the sound of the season
On my cassette ♪
♪ You are my music
And I'll place my bet ♪
♪ On our Christmas song ♪
[song ends]
So, gentlemen,
how does it feel
to be the hottest act in town?
It's been-- it's been a wild ride.
- Wild.
- [chuckling]
Luckily, we have
a fantastic choreographer.
Yeah, exactly.
She's the brains of the show.
- Oh.
- Hi, Mom.
[reporter] Yes. Yes.
Well, I, uh… I can only imagine
how proud your families must be.
So come see the Merry Gentlemen
at the Rhythm Room in Sycamore Creek,
running now through Christmas.
Back to you in the studio.
- Wow.
- [man on TV] We continue coverage…
Thank you. Delicious as always.
You know, I haven't seen
Luke that happy in a long time.
Really?
Yeah. When Amy left him,
he was… destroyed.
Wait, she left him?
[Troy] He didn't tell you?
Well, he said
it ended in a complete disaster.
That about sums it up. [chuckles]
What happened?
All right, so, they move here. Thank you.
You know, Luke gets settled,
opens up his business,
and the next thing you know,
she changes her mind.
Wants to move back to the city.
Back?
Wait. Luke lived in the city?
[chuckles]
I know, he's got those
Hallmark handyman vibes.
- Mm.
- [chuckles] No, he's a Chi-town boy.
Oh, no wonder he doesn't like it.
Thank you.
See you later.
- Bye, Troy.
- [Troy] Bye.
[door chimes]
Well, well, well, will you look at that?
Got Luke's lunch
and no one to deliver it to him.
Oh.
I get it.
You, Troy, in cahoots.
What? No. There is no cahootsing.
[Ashley] Mm-hmm.
Wait.
Take my car.
[country music playing on radio]
[sander whirring]
[sander stops]
[Luke sighs]
What, you don't get enough at the show?
I guess I've never really
seen you in your element.
This place?
You don't love it?
Mr. Belkin sure doesn't. Otherwise,
he wouldn't rent it to me so cheap.
[Ashley] Mm.
God, did you make all these?
I-- I borrowed 'em,
just in case there was ever a city girl
I wanted to impress.
[chuckles] Well, mission accomplished.
Well…
So, assuming you're not
remodeling a kitchen,
what brings you out here?
Oh.
Ham and Swiss on rye.
Marie's got you doing deliveries? [gasps]
Apparently the usual guy had a run-in
with some ice the other night.
Ah. Oh, Rog.
Looks good.
What is this?
[splutters] Oh, that's just…
It's a little something
I've been working on.
It's… it's a work in progress.
May I?
Luke, this is incredible.
You're an artist.
Thank you.
What can I say? This is…
It's the first year
in a very long time that I'm
actually looking forward to Christmas.
Really?
Yeah.
I guess…
I just needed the right inspiration.
I know the feeling.
[Luke] Hmm.
[slow-tempo Christmas music playing]
Wanna dance?
Do you remember how?
Let's see. Ah.
- [Ashley clears throat]
- Go back to my teachings. Uh, this…
is a single handhold.
[Ashley chuckles]
This… is a two handhold.
Yes.
And this…
is a closed hold.
Very good.
♪ …and icy snow ♪
♪ A glowing fire and mistletoe ♪
♪ Candy canes and wishes come true ♪
♪ It's the magic of the season ♪
♪ That look in your eyes ♪
♪ Saying all I want for Christmas ♪
♪ Is you ♪
♪ It's the magic of the season ♪
♪ That keeps me believing ♪
♪ In true love ♪
♪ All I want for Christmas is you ♪
I, um,
think your sandwich is getting cold.
I think your sister might get worried.
♪ …bother me if I'm with you… ♪
Um… see you tonight.
Might even take my shirt off.
Bye.
[sighs, mutters]
[whooshes, snaps fingers]
Ha.
♪ That keeps me believing ♪
♪ In true love ♪
♪ All I want for Christmas is you ♪
Hmm.
[Ashley sighs]
So close.
[cell phone rings]
Uh…
Jodie, hi.
Ashley, I know this call
must come as a bit of a surprise.
[scoffs] To say the least.
What-- what's up?
I'll cut right to it. Uh…
We have a 9-1-1 situation on our hands.
I need you to come back immediately.
What…
What about Shelby?
Burned out. Some people just
can't handle the pressure of showbiz.
[chuckles] And-- and-- and her understudy?
[Jodie] She's down with the flurona.
You're serious?
[Jodie] You're the only one
who knows the routine.
You're not afraid the audience
will be distracted by my gray hair?
I've convinced the producers that
they made a big mistake in letting you go.
And to make it up to you,
they're prepared to offer you a 25% raise.
Twenty-five percent?
Along with a three-year contract.
Wow. That is a very tempting offer.
- Um…
- [exhales] What do you say?
Uh…
How could I say no?
Great. Uh, I'll have Marilyn
book you a first-class ticket,
and we'll arrange for a car service to
pick you up at the airport tomorrow night.
Wait, tomorrow night?
No, that's Christmas Eve.
I need you back in time
for the big Christmas Day show.
That's not a problem, is it?
I…
I just didn't think it would be so soon.
I pulled a lot of strings for this,
so don't take too long to decide, okay?
I won't.
Thank you.
[Ashley] Hey, Dad.
Ah, I didn't realize you were here.
- Yeah.
- You okay?
Oh, uh… [sighs]
The choreographer for
the Jingle Belles just called.
And?
She offered me my old job back.
So they finally came to their senses.
- [chuckles]
- Who came to their senses?
The Jingle Belles.
They're offering me a three-year contract.
Of course they are.
Now that you've got something
even better here,
they realize they made a mistake.
Well, obviously, they made a mistake.
You are a wonderful talent, honey.
And a raise.
I hope you told them
where they could stick it.
[hesitates] I told them I wasn't sure.
It's all I've ever wanted to do.
You know that.
It's like my whole life has been
building up to being in that show.
[Stan sighs]
When would you have to leave?
Tomorrow night.
Oh.
Well, you don't seem
that excited about it.
[chuckles]
I was… I was just really looking forward
to spending Christmas with you guys.
And we're so close to reaching our goal.
What is gonna happen
to this place if I go?
Thanks to you,
this place has some life again.
Who's to say your mother and I
can't keep the show alive?
Dad.
Ever since you were a little girl,
all you ever talked about
was being a Jingle Belle.
Yeah.
[Stan] Opportunities like this
don't often come along once in a lifetime,
let alone twice.
[Lily] And you should know
that the last thing we want is
for you to worry about this place.
- Your father and I will manage.
- [Stan exhales]
These are the most
important years of your life.
You have to live them for you.
Okay?
Yeah.
[Stan chuckles]
We love you.
[indistinct chatter]
[cell phone whooshes]
[crowd chattering]
- Packed out there, huh?
- [chuckles]
[Luke] Huh.
Luke.
Um…
Is something wrong?
We need to talk.
Okay.
I'm leaving.
Okay, I think that'll be okay.
I mean, we all know the show pretty well.
No, no, I'm-- I'm leaving,
uh, permanently.
[Luke sighs]
What are you talking about?
Well, the Jingle Belles
offered me my old job back,
and I said… yes.
Yeah, I'm confused. Uh…
I thought they hired someone else.
Yeah, well, they did.
But then something happened, and
they changed their mind.
Um…
What about…
[Ashley sighs]
What about what?
Ashley, uh,
she's leaving us.
Wait, what?
Yeah, I'm-- I'm going back
to the Jingle Belles.
Well, what about our show?
Look, you guys should be
so proud of yourselves.
I mean, you've worked
your butts off night after night.
What you've done is incredible.
And I have all the faith in the world
that the show will go on
with or… without me.
But if I don't go now,
then I'm gonna lose
everything that I worked for.
What about everything we worked for?
Fine.
[scoffs]
City girls are all the same.
Luke.
[indistinct chatter]
Luke. Luke, wait. Let me explain, please.
You know, for the first time
since Amy left,
I thought I found
something worthwhile in my life.
I didn't even wanna be
in this ridiculous show.
But I did it.
I did. I did it for you.
And for your family.
Because you had a passion
and a drive that was so inspiring.
It was almost impossible
for me not to wanna help you out.
Yeah?
And now you're just gonna leave
without even giving me a heads-up.
Well… [sighs]
You're supposed to be
my friendly face, remember?
Yes. That-- that is what I want.
I just… I don't know. I got scared,
and then it all happened so fast.
I was starting to fall for you, Ashley.
What?
Thank you for showing me
who you really are before I did.
You've got me all wrong.
Congratulations.
This might have been
your best performance yet.
Now, one of us has a show to do, so…
[indistinct chatter]
- [line rings]
- [clicks]
[Luke] Hey, you've reached Luke.
I'm not able to get your call right now,
but please leave me
a message after the beep.
- [beeps]
- [gasps]
[exhales, gasps]
[shudders]
There's my shining star.
[laughs]
I loved having you home, baby girl.
[Ashley chuckles]
Now you go back there
and show them how it's done.
Thanks, Dad.
- [Stan trills]
- [Ashley sighs]
Thank you for everything.
So lucky to have the best big sister.
Don't let them push you around out there.
- Promise me?
- Promise.
So, were you able to connect with Luke?
[sighs]
He won't talk to me.
I can't say that I blame him.
Well, have you tried reaching out to him?
Maybe he just, you know,
needed some time to process everything.
I tried calling him. He didn't answer.
- You wanna try a little harder?
- Okay, and do what?
Show up to his house
holding up a boombox on his lawn?
Wouldn't be the worst idea.
I just feel like
I'm the last person he wants to talk to.
You don't know that.
I know you have feelings for him.
Yeah, like, the biggest feelings I've had…
[exhales] …in a long time.
Then you have to tell him.
Come on, you're gonna regret it
if you don't.
He needs to know how you feel.
[sighs]
I mean, what do you even
have to lose at this point?
I don't know.
Just think about it.
He's a really, really good guy, Ashley.
[Ashley] I know.
- [driver] How you doing?
- [Ashley] Good. How are you?
[driver] Oh, just fine.
[hip-hop Christmas music playing]
[music stops]
All right, we're gonna go again.
Rog, you keep coming in late on
the first hip thrust. Let's clean it up.
Maybe you should talk to Troy.
If he's late, that makes me late.
Did he say Troy?
I'm pretty sure he said Rodger.
No, I'm late because
I'm taking my cue from you, slowpoke.
Uh, yeah, don't look at me.
My timing's always impeccable,
unlike some fools back here.
Hey, hey, hey! I've been shaking my booty
longer than you've been alive, kid.
That's a real long time.
Guys.
[shouting]
Hey! Cut it out!
Knock it off.
Fighting's not gonna get us anywhere.
What are we doing?
Let's just focus on
the choreography we've learned
and tighten up the cues, okay?
Good.
Who made you the expert?
Well, the expert isn't here, is she?
So… for now, I'm in charge.
I guess I didn't get that memo.
- [all groan]
- [Danny] Ay-yi-yi.
Rog, why are you being so stubborn?
We got a sold-out show tonight.
Stan, Lily, they're depending on us.
It is Christmas Eve.
Do you know what that means?
That means if tonight doesn't work out,
you can say bye-bye
to the Rhythm Room forever.
- You got it?
- Why don't we all just take a five?
- Good idea. Good idea.
- Yeah. Come on.
- Should've stayed retired.
- Yeah.
- I know that much.
- I agree.
[Luke] Guys!
[Troy sighs]
[exhales]
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
- [clicks tongue]
- You sure?
Like she said, the show will go on.
You sure it's the show
you're worried about?
[pop music playing]
[horns honking]
♪ Slow burn nights
And falling for your type ♪
♪ And every other
Looked right through me ♪
♪ Felt like the first time
Someone looked me in the eye ♪
♪ You always said
You would propose here… ♪
I hope you got
a lot of time before your flight.
Christmas Eve
is a hell of a time to travel.
[sighs]
[woman 1] Hurry. The doors are opening.
[woman 2] Careful. Watch your step.
- [upbeat Christmas music playing]
- [audience shouting]
[cheering]
[shouting]
Whoo!
[woman whooping]
[audience cheers]
[car horns honking]
- [slow-tempo Christmas music playing]
- ♪ They say that the holiday… ♪
[Ashley] Can you turn this up, please?
- [volume increases]
- ♪ …the best in us ♪
♪ Reminds us of what we love ♪
♪ And what we hold true ♪
- [upbeat Christmas music playing]
- [audience cheering]
[chuckles]
[audience cheers]
[Luke] Hey, Stan. Stop the music.
- Stop the music.
- [music stops]
[audience murmuring]
[woman] Why is he…
Hey, what's going on?
- Uh, I can't. I…
- But…
Hi.
[Troy] Hit the music, Stan!
- [upbeat Christmas music playing]
- [audience cheering]
[audience shouting]
Oh, yeah!
[chuckles]
[cheering]
[woman 1] Yes!
[applause]
[woman 2] Whoo!
Oh!
[woman 3] Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
[woman 4 laughs] Oh!
[music ends]
- [cheering]
- Whoo! [shouts]
[shouts]
[speaks indistinctly]
I love this show. Seriously.
[Luke exhales] Ooh.
Oops. Uh, sorry.
- What are you doing here?
- I couldn't get on the plane.
What about New York? The Jingle Belles?
I told Jodie no.
I mean, she'll probably never talk
to me again, but I just couldn't
do it.
- Ashley.
- Luke.
I, uh…
[exhales] …I feel terrible.
You know, I dragged you into this thing,
and I didn't handle
any of it the right way.
You should've been
the first person that I told.
I'm not a performer.
I'm just an average guy
who knows how to fix a faucet.
If you'd have told me a month ago
that I'd be dancing across that stage
in very tight, very shiny pants,
I'd have told you, you were nuts. But…
this became so much more
than just a silly Christmas show.
You know, it's…
I got to experience something
that I never thought
I'd do in my lifetime.
And I loved it.
[Ashley laughs]
Not to mention,
I… met you.
I found my friendly face.
I didn't even know I was looking for one.
God, I'm so glad I found you.
I think technically I found you.
Okay.
Wait.
Does this mean that you forgive me?
Well, I'm thinking about it.
[jazzy Christmas music playing]
[Ashley] Mmm.
Oh, Dad, do you need some help?
No, we're good. Where do you want this?
Oh, um…
- Put it in the middle.
- [Stan] Gotcha.
Good.
Mmm, this smells amazing.
Is that Lily's famous oyster stuffing?
Wouldn't be Christmas
in the Rhythm Room without it.
[Marie] Merry Christmas.
- [Lily] Oh, come in, come in.
- Hey, Mom.
- We're just about to eat. Mwah. Hi, honey.
- [Rodger] Hi.
- Don't forget to put that out.
- Ooh, what kind of cookies this time?
- Little Spoon salad.
- [Ashley] Ah.
No treats?
You'll get your treat later.
Oh, my God. You guys are impossible.
[Marie] Merry Christmas, Luke.
Merry Christmas.
- All right, come on, guys.
- [Troy] Merry Christmas.
Some of us wanna eat.
[Danny chuckles]
Okay.
Can I have everyone's attention, please?
Just days ago, someone called this place
"a hole-in-the-wall
with too many holes in the wall."
- [Lily chuckles]
- It was on life support.
But thanks to all of your hard work,
I am proud to announce…
drum roll.
[Gizmo barks]
The Rhythm Room is gonna be around
for many Christmases to come!
- Yay! All right.
- [cheering]
- [Marie] Yeah! Hear, hear!
- Spectacular.
[laughing]
- All right.
- [Ashley] Yay!
You!
- [cork pops]
- Whoa! [laughs]
- [Ashley] Cheers! I'll get you, Mama.
- [Gizmo barks]
- Highballs.
- [Stan] Well done, all.
- Yes.
All right.
[Marie] Sis, you forgot me.
[Ashley] Oh, sorry. It's a far reach.
[indistinct chatter]
Hi. I was surprised to get your call.
Just as I promised.
Every penny.
Thank you.
[Ashley] Mm-hmm.
Ashley… I owe you an apology.
I underestimated you.
What you have done with this place
in such a short amount of time is just…
[Ashley chuckles]
[Denise] I'm very impressed.
Thank you.
I did it all for them.
But that is not
the only reason I invited you today.
- Oh.
- Yes.
Christmas dinner at the Rhythm Room
is a bit of a tradition around here.
Yes.
And thanks to you,
it's a tradition
that won't go away any time soon.
Yes. We would love for you to join us.
[hesitates] I'd--
I'd be honored to join. [chuckles]
Get in here. We'll put you at the head.
[Denise gasps, chuckles]
[Luke] So
what's next for the famous Ashley Davis?
You know, for the first time
in my whole life, I have no idea.
[chuckles]
But whatever it is,
it will be right here in Sycamore Creek.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
You know, my whole life,
all I ever wanted to do was be on stage.
Now I realize none of that matters
if you're not surrounded
by the people you love.
You know,
it's not performing that's important.
It's who you perform for.
Well, that's good advice.
Straight from the Grand Ole Opry.
You know, all of my favorite
holiday memories
have been at the Rhythm Room.
Me performing.
Marie and Mom baking.
Dad decorating the Christmas tree.
[chuckles]
That's sweet.
What about you?
Do you have a favorite Christmas memory?
Uh…
Yeah, I do, actually.
You do?
Which one?
Well…
this one.
[upbeat Christmas music playing]
[Gizmo barks]
- [Stan] I think Gizmo wants to say hi.
- [laughing]
[Danny] Merry Christmas.
- [Gizmo whimpers]
- All right, go get 'em.
[laughing]
- [crewman] Two camera, mark.
- Either way, welcome home.
- [pop music playing]
- Oh, I love this song.
♪ Take a look around the world ♪
- ♪ Yes! ♪
- ♪ It's that time of the year ♪
♪ When it's cold outside… ♪
Sorry.
[crew chuckling]
Gotta put my hands up.
Sorry.
♪ I don't need presents under the tree ♪
♪ All I want is you and me… ♪
Okay. Well…
Well, spread the r-- word.
Spread it. Spread it. Spread that word.
[man] Yeah. Perkier boobs!
Uh, perkier boobs.
Yes, I'll start with that.
[imitates engine revving]
[imitates brakes squealing]
Phoo!
[man] Cut it. Reset it on his face.
Hey, he's catching up.
[laughs] Boom chicka-wom, chicka-bow-bow!
My stripper boyfriend.
[Ashley] Oh! Whoa! Oh! Oh!
Hey! Oh, whoa! Oh, ooh! Oh, whoa!
Whoa! Let go! Let go! Whoa!
[exhales] Oh!
- Ah, who's a good dog? Oh! Gizmo!
- [woman chuckling]
[Ashley] Sorry.
[man 1 chuckling] Okay.
- [Ashley] Should we use that?
- [man 2] That's cute.
[all chuckling]
♪ As long as I got you… ♪
- [man 1] Hold on. Firetruck.
- [siren wailing]
[indistinct chatter]
- [man 2] Firetruck.
- [imitates siren]
Phew! Pah!
- Are you gonna use those? [chuckles]
- [man] Yeah, that's in the cut.
[upbeat Christmas music playing]